Update: deprecate id-blacklist rule (#13465)
eslint/eslint: docs/rules/id-blacklist.md

# disallow specified identifiers (id-blacklist)

> This rule has been deprecated.  Please see the [`id-denylist`]('./id-blacklist') rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule was **deprecated** in ESLint v7.5.0 and replaced by the [id-denylist](id-denylist.md) rule.
```
